[BD-3894] Snowflake fix: account ID to account locator (#8910)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/data_warehouses/snowflake.md

To set Secure Data Sharing with your Braze account, follow these steps.

1. Navigate to **Partner Integrations** > **Data Sharing** in the Braze dashboard.

> 2. Enter your Snowflake account details. To find your Snowflake `account_locator`, run `SELECT CURRENT_ACCOUNT()` in the destination account.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Enter your Snowflake account details and locator. To get your account locator, run `SELECT CURRENT_ACCOUNT()` in the destination account.
```
